Update project docs (#7396)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/projects/index.mdx

A _Project_ represents your service or application in Sentry. For example, you might have separate projects for your API server and frontend client.

When you first [create a project](/product/sentry-basics/integrate-frontend/create-new-project/), you also assign a team to it. All members of the assigned team have access to the project. Additional teams can be added in **[Project] > Settings > Project Teams**.

> You can create more projects to reflect your application landscape with finer granularity (for example, a separate project for each repo, mapping components and micro-services to their owning teams). For most pages in Sentry, including **Issues** and **Discover**, the top-level filter bar defaults to showing information for your projects, so that you only see what's relevant to you and your team(s). How you set up your projects can go a long way in reducing noise and improving productivity. Learn more about best practices for setting up projects in our [account setup documentation](/product/accounts/getting-started/#4-create-projects).

Author: ```suggestion
You can create more projects to reflect your application landscape with finer granularity (for example, a separate project for each repo, mapping components and micro-services to the teams that own them). For most pages in Sentry, including **Issues** and **Discover**, the top-level filter bar defaults to showing information for your projects, so that you only see what's relevant to you and your team(s). How you set up your projects can go a long way in reducing noise and improving productivity. Learn more about best practices for setting up projects in our [account setup documentation](/product/accounts/getting-started/#4-create-projects).
```
